hi youtube catfish family k and girls
like the muscular guys hulk for example in
full of muscular here's your top 10
his enemies are the best shop geek
things gek zone dot ru 10 place
Brian Bender is the father of an alcoholic Bruce
bena seriously affected his life and
the way to becoming a hulk who beat him
mother and bruce since childhood brine
is causing a hidden banner rage
plus killed father at his mother's grave
than forgotten since his brain limited him
from a similar injury to villains often
use ben's hidden memories
rabocij as a weapon for
demoralizing the hulk at some point
bran returned to life becoming a mixture
devil and hulk guilt and became
stronger from the wrath of his own son but
his hulk crushed the ninth place maestro
part of the hulk from the future is a real tyrant
he has the brain of bruce banner and the hulk rage
nuclear war radiation that happened
after a hundred years today brought him down
mad professor Hulk brings out
past to beat maestro but
that is much stronger
hop pretend to be wounded after which
maestro dies from gamma bomb explosion
him all hulk abilities increased in
several times and also increased
speed and endurance it absorbs
radiation and quickly heals wounds but how
he was crushed eighth by the registry office alive
a lump of electricity the registry office absorbs
consciousness of their victims rose tall
with those that hulk have these two
constantly fighting each other
urban buildings
The registry office is able to manipulate the electric
energy and its size and strength change in
depending on the amount of this
electricity available to him someone
kidnaps someone else's mind it gets smarter
new halcon can not pick it up
It meant well, and hath broken his hal
naturally seventh place boats
mental organism developed
exclusively for murder and up
transformations his name was george tarlington
and he worked in a corporation and im there he
investigated the potential of human
Mind is not yet began following them
an asshole experiment involved creating
red hulk with gamma and
cosmic radiation
he gathered a group of the smartest villains
aim to destroy the hero in the land and the hulk in
including but the hulk crushed the sixth
a place
you fools enemies young spoons alien
team as they just do not call these
four evil analogue fantastic
fours
their leader simon hit them gathered yet
three partners and on their own money
flew into space to with accuracy
reproduce the reed richards experiment
and get super power hack saves them from
excessive proportion of radiation that could
would kill them but they still become
villains vector iron glue x-ray
and the viper group often fights with halku
the avengers
and his other associates as well
working on norman osborne fifth place
Loki who does not know about the god of deception
asgard of torus brother from the very
charismatic according to some
Marvel's villain of the universe he rules
mind hulk using magic forcing
his commit a crime
and then turned against not at all
avengers fourth place absorber
Pooh loki endowed him with the ability
absorb everything he touches
while changing the shape of his body before
he was a violent criminal
proper medium on the force absorber
can surpass the hulk however he doesn't
can always stand against bruce
Banner because it absorbs its usual
human strength and becoming weak and
natural hulk crushed his 3 place
the abomination to have a Blonsky was a KGB agent
which was irradiated with large doses of gamma
radiation than once hulka Blonsky
became bigger and worse than him
but at the same time kept your own
the mind despite the color of abominations rarely
when evil acts on its own mostly
I am six smarter villains
fashion as a galaxy master or leader
before hulk he crushed second place
Thundere Roses General Tadeus Roses
made a deal with the villains to
be turned by him into a red hulk
it was the general who commanded the base on
which occurred with Bender irradiation
human form he is obsessed with
to catch the hulk that were thrown
all the strength of his army
and finally the very first leader Stern
worked in a chemical plant but his
life changed dramatically when he
subjected to gamma radiation this
an accident gave him a super
human intelligence forever disadvantaged
mother's attention envying
his older genius brother became
evil leader dreaming of power and
prestige which he never had
the hulk is the main barrier to this
or the leader is mad about his
eliminate
he is an employer and employer
for the sinister six of almost all villains
which I mentioned earlier at least
indirectly but he refers to the creation
the red hulk and the hulk and he barely
didn't drive hulk crazy forcing him
fight the projections of different heroes and
villains including iron man nemro
and even mandarin here such have
big and terrible enemies for
information support thanks to the group
world marvel in contact there is a link to them
in the description who else should enter the top
enemies hulk write me in the comments
and even subscribe to the channel and enter
on live jelly channel to likes pie
put huskies and then I'll start smashing bye
all this was not a jelly like girls
which such